---
tags: [学习]
title: 英语-复习资料2
---

## 单词填空

1、He entered the film industry, taking small roles and writing <u>__scenarios__</u> for a famous film company.

2、In doing translation, one should not <u>__alter__</u> the meaning of the original to suit one's own taste.

3、Without warning, there was a(n) <u>__furious__</u> storm and the waves swept over the boat.

4、Doctors consider it their <u>__sacred__</u> duty to protect and save the lives of their patients.	

5、The question was how to maintain that kind of <u>__velocity__</u> for a vehicle that weighed considerably more than 3,300 pounds.

6 、They are able to take <u>__discrete__</u> ideas, thoughts, and generalizations and weave them into meaningful patterns.

7、 They needed someone to <u>__substitute__</u> for a pianist who couldn't make it, and her professor recommended her.

8、Let's embrace Chines culture this summer and get <u>__immersed__</u> in the richness of traditional Chinese music and dance!

9、The Chinese scientific community will <u>__collaborate__</u> with their international peers in frontier science research.

10、At the end of the semester, students will be <u>__assessed__</u> on their proficiency in writing and speaking in English.

11、The cheerful guy who wore virtual reality glasses <u>__plunge into__</u> the virtual world.

12、It has been the tradition in China that elderly people live in a familiar environment, Preferably <u>__in the company__</u> of their children.

13、Chinese isn't a subject that can be <u>__pick up__</u> in a month, and you can't accomplish your goal of mastering the language unless you work at it for years.

14、He <u>__lay out__</u> the map across the table and took another look at it.

15、The live music, the wild dancing, and the amazing lights all <u>__add up to__</u> an exciting theatrical experience.

16、Since space is limited, we sometimes have to say goodbye to old things in order to <u>__make room for__</u> new items.

17、The magazine has a reputation for being very thorough, although critics claim that it has been <u>__dumbed down__</u> in recent years to cater to the mass market.

18、This marks another historic step toward <u>__wiping out__</u> the absolute poverty that has plagued the nation for centuries.

19、The eastern area is three times bigger than the western area, featuring <u>__dense__</u> tropical rainforests and giant waterfalls.

20、In the meeting, a new manager was <u>__appointed__</u> to take charge of the project which was in financial difficulties.

21、Services such as cooking, cleaning, and <u>__escorting__</u> the elderly to hospitals are in high demand.

22、A high-tech police car capable of immediately detecting stolen cars, disqualified drivers, and other offenses is <u>__patrolling__</u> the roads.

23、Around 300 workers and engineers are working hard for the timely delivery of the project despite its <u>__complexity__</u>.

24、A researcher said China's fast economic <u>__expansion__</u> in recent years has made great contributions to world economic growth.	

25、That visit was hard work because he spoke no Chinese and had only a(n) <u>__vague__</u> plan of action.

26、China’s first domestically built icebreaker Xuelong 2 has completed its <u>__maintenance__</u> period and will soon set out on a mission again.	

27、A number of people believe that genuine friendships can develop in both the digital and physical <u>__realm__</u>, with the boundaries between the two continuing to blur.

28、She had to take care of the whole family, two children and two <u>__frail__</u> elderly people all by herself.

29、We can enable our students to be <u>__in charge of__</u> their own learning by creating interesting, open-ended tasks which they can finish by themselves.

30、The festival, which falls on the ninth day of the ninth month on the lunar calendar, <u>__is viewed as__</u> an occasion to pay respect to the elderly.

31、The Belt and Road Initiative raises the level of connectivity and cooperation among dozens of nations that have <u>__traded with__</u> China for years.

32、From the smallest birthday party to the largest concert, special events <u>__take place__</u> every day in these parks.

33、The train was fully <u>__loaded with__</u> 50 containers of goods including glass bottles, canned food, and medical supplies.

34、Last month, the polar icebreaker <u>__set off__</u> from the port for its new scientific expedition to the Antarctic.

35、We have long been <u>__curious about__</u> what really goes on inside the space station and the video satisfied our curiosity.

36、This is a double room and you can stay here <u>__along with__</u> your friend.

37、Thanks to its nine-year <u>__compulsory__</u> education, China has one of the highest literacy rates in the world, which is a great achievement.

38、He has been <u>__contemplating__</u> leaving the studio for some time and will be moving on to “new adventures”.

39、Standards should be <u>__loosened__</u> to include more people in more types of jobs to increase diversity.

40、In the 1970s, the firm was restructured to <u>__globalize__</u> the business and pursue new areas of growth.

41、However, your current losses should soon be <u>__offset__</u> by gains - the fund will produce a positive return of 11.6 percent over a nine- month period.

42、She pushed herself up into a sitting position to look around but immediately <u>__groaned__</u> in pain and fell back onto the blanket.

43、My mom was very <u>__stubborn__</u> and unwilling to accept advice, but she became softer and nicer after reading this book.

44、On weekends, the school parking lot is almost empty except that a few car <u>__cluster__</u> near the entrance.

45、In the photographer's finest pictures there is also a degree of <u>__ambiguity__</u>, which allows them to be interpreted in a variety of ways.

46、The chief <u>__drawback__</u> to farming in these districts is the considerable proportion of stony ground.

47、They should be more patient, and willing to <u>__settle for__</u> something less than their dream job at first.

48、The situations these explorers face are various, sometimes unpredictable, and <u>__more often than not__</u>, challenging.

49、As the voyage progressed, the soft, sweet tropical air <u>__mingled with__</u> the fresh smell of the sea and gave the crew a delightful experience of ocean travel.

50、I bought too much milk so I <u>__traded__</u> her my extra gallon for her bread.

51、You should learn to time your purchases so that you can buy the products when they're <u>__on sale__</u> and save money.

52、You need to let them know that you <u>__are open to__</u> their ideas and that you will do what it takes to get things done.

53、Herbs have been used for centuries to <u>__endow__</u> a whole range of foods <u>__with__</u> subtle flavors.

54、The new research indicates that doing enough exercise could <u>__make up for__</u> some of the unhealthy impacts of bad sleep.

55、He is measuring the depth of the hole to <u>__gauge__</u> how much climbing line we'll need to get us down and back up again.

56、He <u>__contended__</u> for the lead in the final round, but ultimately finished in second position.

57、Smartphone conversations, which are fairly <u>__commonplace__</u> on commuter trains, can be annoying to fellow commuters.

58、Ask your doctor whether a low-fat diet and a daily walk will <u>__suffice__</u> to lower your high blood pressure.

59、According to the statistics, most of the company's <u>__revenue__</u> is generated through the sale of smartphones.

60、Scientists have learned more about the <u>__adverse__</u> effects that human activities have on the environment and climate.

61、I learned a great deal from this guide, and I am feeling very confident about my chances of passing the <u>__upcoming__</u> exam.

62、There are rumors going around that this program will be <u>__abolished__</u> in November or December and all the work will be stopped.

63、This program has transformed the airport's security screening area into an art gallery and is a pleasant <u>__diversion__</u> for travelers.

64、We hope that the new series of music festivals will <u>__foster__</u> interest in the arts in general and increase the city's international reputation.

65、The rapid rise in unemployment does <u>__correlate with__</u> the increase in young people living at home, according to research.

66、It was a moment of overwhelming excitement when Steve was given the first prize; Tiffany couldn't <u>__refrain from__</u> hugging and kissing him.

67、 I guarantee they will <u>__be counting down the days__</u> until they come and spend time with you because you have made them feel welcome.

68、 She spent the next 10 years <u>__slaving away__</u> to pay back the money they had borrowed from the bank.

69、 This is a rare opportunity and he just can't wait to <u>__sink his teeth into__</u> the interesting new project.

70、 The travel agency offers considerate care for its customers when they encounter unplanned circumstances or must <u>__contend with__</u> an unfamiliar environment.

71、 One teacher will be <u>__designate as__</u> the distance learning teacher for students who choose to start the school year that way.

72、 The deepening cooperation between the two countries meets the development needs of both sides and <u>__conforms to__</u> the will of the people of both sides.

## 句子翻译

1. 近年来，随着互联网技术的迅猛发展，互联网经济已成为一个热门话题。

&emsp;&emsp;In recent years, with the rapid development of Internet technology, the Internet economy has become a popular topic.

2. 以电子商务为代表的互联网经济已成为中国经济发展的重要引擎(drivingforce)。

&emsp;&emsp;Represented by e-commerce, the Internet economy has become a strong driving force for the development of the Chinese economy.

3. 我国政府提出了“互联网+”的概念，以推动互联网与医疗、交通、教育、金融、公共服务等领域的结合。

&emsp;&emsp;Our government proposes the concept of “Internet Plus", aiming to push for the integration of the Internet with other industries, such as health care, transportation, education, finance, and public services.

4. 这将为互联网经济的发展提供更多发展机遇和更广阔的发展空间。

&emsp;&emsp;This will create more opportunities and broader prospects for the development of the Internet economy.
   
5. 中央电视台春节联欢晚会(Spring Festival Gala)自    1983年举办以来，已成为中国人生活中不可缺少的文化消费品和一个重要的文化符号。

&emsp;&emsp;The CCTV Spring Festival Gala,since it started in 1983, has become an indispensable cultural consumer product and a prominent cultural symbol in the lives of Chinese people.

6. 虽然众口难调,但必须承认的是，“春晚”已成为一项“新民俗”。

&emsp;&emsp;Although it's hard to satisfy everyone's taste, it should be admitted that the Spring Festival Gala has become a “new folk custom".

7. 它不仅是一台晚会，更是一种仪式与象征，一种文化与标签，一种情感与寄托。

&emsp;&emsp;It is more than a gala; it is a ritual and a symbol, a culture and a label, and an emotion and an event which people entrust their hearts to.

8. 随着新媒体的出现，“春晚”也在与时俱进，以满足大众日渐多样化的需求。

&emsp;&emsp;With the emerging of new media, the Spring Festival Gala is also advancing with the times to satisfy the increasingly diversified demands of the people.

9. 丽江古城坐落在玉龙雪山(Yulong Snow Mountain)脚下，是一座风景秀丽的历史文化名城，也是我国保存完好的少数民族古城之一。

&emsp;&emsp;The Old Town of Lijiang, located at the foot of Yulong Snow Mountain, is a town of scenic beauty, known for its history and culture. It is also one of China's well-preserved old towns of ethnic minority groups.

10. 随着丽江旅游业的发展，到丽江古城观光游览的中外游客日益增多。

&emsp;&emsp;With the boom in Lijiang's tourism, the Old Town of Lijiang is receiving a growing number of tourists from home and abroad. 

11. 1997年12月，丽江古城申报世界文化遗产(World Cultural Heritage Site)获得成功，成为中国第一批被列入世界文化遗产名录的历史文化名城。

&emsp;&emsp;In December 1997, the Old Town succeeded in applying to be recognized as a World Cultural Heritage Site, becoming one of the first noted historical and cultural cities in China to be included on the World Cultural Heritage List.

12. 近年来，社会的发展和就业形势的变化对大学生提出了更高的要求。

&emsp;&emsp;In recent years, the social development and changes in employment have posed higher requirements for college students.

13. 越来越多的大学生不再局限于学习书本知识，而是利用业余时间积极投身于社会实践活动。

&emsp;&emsp;Instead ofconfining themselves to learning from books, more and more college students are taking an active part in social practice in their spare time.

14. 通过社会实践活动，他们可以提高分析问题和解决问题的能力，更深入地了解社会，增强社会责任感。

&emsp;&emsp;Through social practice, they can improve their analytical and problem-solving abilities, gain a deeper understanding of society, and increase their sense of social responsibility.

15. 同时，参加社会实践活动还可以帮助他们认识到自身的不足，明确未来努力的方向。

&emsp;&emsp;Meanwhile, taking part in social practice can also help them recognize their own.